Updating to reflect frequency of stateless alert alerts (#103140)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-monitor/alerts/alerts-troubleshoot-metric.md

- If you create the alert rule programmatically, for example, via [Azure Resource Manager](./alerts-metric-create-templates.md), [PowerShell](/powershell/module/az.monitor/), [REST](/rest/api/monitor/metricalerts/createorupdate), or the [Azure CLI](/cli/azure/monitor/metrics/alert), set the `autoMitigate` property to `False`.
- If you create the alert rule via the Azure portal, clear the **Automatically resolve alerts** option under the **Alert rule details** section.

> <sup>1</sup> For stateless metric alert rules, the frequency of alert notifications is derived from the frequency of alert rules. For alert rule with frequency less than 5 minutes, we can expect a notification every 1 minute to maximum 6 minutes while the alert condition is still met. For alert rule with frequency greater than or equal to 5 minutes, we can expect a notification between 1 x frequency to 2 x frequency while the alert condition is still met. For example, for an alert rule with frequency 15 minutes, we can expect a notification between 15 to 30 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>1</sup>The frequency of notifications for stateless metric alerts differs based on the alert rule's configured frequency:
**Alert frequency of less than 5 minutes**: While the condition continues to be met, a notification is sent somewhere between one and six minutes.
**Alert frequency of more than 5 minutes**: While the condition continues to be met, a notification is sent between the configured frequency and double the frequency. For example, for an alert rule with a frequency of 15 minutes, a notification is sent somewhere between 15 to 30 minutes.
```

- If you create the alert rule programmatically, for example, via [Azure Resource Manager](./alerts-metric-create-templates.md), [PowerShell](/powershell/module/az.monitor/), [REST](/rest/api/monitor/metricalerts/createorupdate), or the [Azure CLI](/cli/azure/monitor/metrics/alert), set the `autoMitigate` property to `False`.
- If you create the alert rule via the Azure portal, clear the **Automatically resolve alerts** option under the **Alert rule details** section.

> <sup>1</sup>The frequency of notifications for stateless metric alerts differs based on the alert rule's configured frequency:
> **Alert frequency of less than 5 minutes**: While the condition continues to be met, a notification is sent somewhere between one and six minutes.
> **Alert frequency of more than 5 minutes**: While the condition continues to be met, a notification is sent between the configured frequency and double the frequency. For example, for an alert rule with a frequency of 15 minutes, a notification is sent somewhere between 15 to 30 minutes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<sup>1</sup>The frequency of notifications for stateless metric alerts differs based on the alert rule's configured frequency:

- **Alert frequency of less than 5 minutes**: While the condition continues to be met, a notification is sent somewhere between one and six minutes.
- **Alert frequency of more than 5 minutes**: While the condition continues to be met, a notification is sent between the configured frequency and double the frequency. For example, for an alert rule with a frequency of 15 minutes, a notification is sent somewhere between 15 to 30 minutes.
```
